Do task 14 from tasks-phase1.md (#15)
Dove6/tbd-workshop-1: tasks-phase1.md

    ```terraform
    resource "google_notebooks_instance" "tbd_notebook" {
        # ...
        metadata = {
            vmDnsSetting : "GlobalDefault"
            notebook-disable-root = true
        }
        shielded_instance_config {
            enable_secure_boot = true
        }
        post_startup_script = "gs://${google_storage_bucket_object.post-startup.bucket}/${google_storage_bucket_object.post-startup.name}"
    }
    ```

    4. (Optional) Get access to Apache Spark WebUI ✅

    [dataproc/main.tf](https://github.com/Dove6/tbd-workshop-1/blob/master/modules/dataproc/main.tf)

    ```terraform
    resource "google_dataproc_cluster" "tbd-dataproc-cluster" {
        #checkov:skip=CKV_GCP_91: "Ensure Dataproc cluster is encrypted with Customer Supplied Encryption Keys (CSEK)"
        depends_on = [google_project_service.dataproc]
        name       = "tbd-cluster"
        project    = var.project_name
        region     = var.region

        cluster_config {
          endpoint_config {
            enable_http_port_access = "true"
          }
          # ...
        }
    }
    ```

>     The WebUI can be accessed through a link in the "Web interfaces" tab of the Dataproc cluster on GCP console:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The WebUI can be accessed through the "Spark History Server" link in the "Web interfaces" tab of the Dataproc cluster on GCP console:  
```
